https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-16519 Clarify Placement (#7395)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_registering.adoc

Complete the following steps to register managed clusters to {gitops-short}:

> . Create a managed cluster set binding to the namespace where {gitops-short} is deployed. For an example of binding the managed cluster to the `openshift-gitops` namespace, see the link:https://github.com/stolostron/multicloud-integrations/blob/main/examples/managedclustersetbinding.yaml[`multicloud-integrations`] managed `clusterset` binding example. In the _Additional resources_ section, see _Creating a ManagedClusterSetBinding resource_ for more general information about creating a `ManagedClusterSetBinding`. See link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/placement_filter.adoc[Selecting `ManagedClusters` from `ManagedClusterSets`] for placement information. 

Reviewer: Correct me if I'm misunderstanding what this step does. Also, feel free to disregard if you don't like my format suggestions. I was simply trying to make it a bit easier to read by breaking up the content some: 

```suggestion
. Create a managed cluster set by binding it to the namespace where {gitops-short} is deployed. 
.. For an example of binding the managed cluster to the `openshift-gitops` namespace, see the link:https://github.com/stolostron/multicloud-integrations/blob/main/examples/managedclustersetbinding.yaml[`multicloud-integrations`] managed `clusterset` binding example.
.. For more general information about creating a `ManagedClusterSetBinding`, go to the _Additional resources_ section and see _Creating a ManagedClusterSetBinding resource_ . 
.. For placement information, see link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/placement_filter.adoc[Selecting `ManagedClusters` from `ManagedClusterSets`].
```
